I'm here with Michael about two times
mr. universe
and last week Michael you won the French
Grand Prix is that right
yeah I won the Grand Prix in Kalmar in
the east of France where one won first
place
how long have you been working with
Olympic sport nutrition app since three
years in those three years how do you
feel your career has progressed and your
body shape my body hasn't changed all I
won five kilo gain quality and more good
condition lean lean muscle you gain lean
muscle and that's due to Olympus good
products it's a great product yeah are
the Olympians
which products do you use yourself I use
for my probation they explode this is
one of my favorite every day busy I
explode so you'd recommend BCA exploders
and to somebody else as part of their
supplementation of course it's really
great project and very important very
bottom for recover
for the master it's very fast too fast
acting is very fast I think is the
better
creatine exploit is that a product that
you use as well yeah I use beef after
all my training and I recover more and
muscle I have very good gains
yeah density more than CT after for an
English grades good as a combination and
would you say that these two products
work well together yeah yeah you can I
use BCI explode with my cowboy nuts and
whey protein and after pre explode you
pin with a limp now for three years
before you heard of a limp before no no
no it was a chance to meet even and
Nikola from France I spoke with him I
wanted to buy a bit there for my
preparation and I met him and after this
or even before a limb Eve obviously
tried over products on the market now
you've never used any of the products
didn't exist in France before over over
brand another brand yeah
say a limp a limp is much better than
what you've used before sure yours is
some other company but no I think now as
good as a limb nothing like Colleen okay
Michael thank you for speaking to me
thank you